so today I'll be unboxing a product that
while I didn't buy it I actually bought
one about six months ago for my parents
and the reason I bought it is because
it's kind of a unique product so this is
the logitech cordless media board pro
for playstation 3 although you are not
actually limited to using it with the
playstation 3 they're actually using it
for their media center PC and I'll
explain how they're doing that in a
minute but why don't we go through what
Logitech says about it on the box first
of all they say it is a keyboard second
of all they say it is with Bluetooth
wireless technology so it does use a
Bluetooth interface there are no cords
you just put in a battery and off you go
cordless media keys and it has a
touchpad and scroll bar so you can see
right here that it actually has a mouse
or like a touchpad built in to the
keyboard it's slim okay and then we go
around to the back and we find that it
works up to 30 feet from your
PlayStation 3 it has an integrated
touchpad offers an easy way to enter
text and type messages on the
PlayStation 3 or a computer mm-hmm is
perfect for the PlayStation Network it
is lightweight perfect for living room
use and it has quick media keys give
instant access to media control panel
movie menus and more so I will be
opening the seals with my ruler knife
which actually belongs to the cameraman
not to me at all but I was like oh I
have no knife but the difference is that
I thought of it before we started
filming today so the cameraman gave me
something to use okay so inside we will
find a blank white area surrounded by
black and green when we remove that we
will find a keyboard okay so it's held
in by a couple pieces of foam right here
so you can see it's actually quite well
secured even without the top half of the
box on it you can just go ahead and pull
this out and let's see what we've got in
terms of manuals and accessories like no
accessories just a manual so let's open
this up but a part number sticker on it
okay that's helpful okay important
information let's start with this it's
in Portuguese and French
and English yes English so duration of
implied warranties national statutory
rights the logitech address battery
warning follow the batteries
instructions as well as these important
safety tips
okay so mostly safety so safety is
important Thank You Logitech next we
have the installation manual for the
cordless media board Pro and I have to
confess I did end up needing this when I
installed this for my parents so you put
in the batteries that's pretty
straightforward you turn the keyboard on
by sliding the on/off switch that is not
the step that I got stuck on I was not
stuck on that step then you adjust the
keyboard feet for comfort if required
also not where I got stuck mm-hmm next
you use the media keys and then you or
whatever come on where's the step that I
got stuck on oh yeah very very right
right here okay so how you actually
register the keyboard with your with
your bluetooth adapter when pairing so
you actually need to enter what they
don't actually say maybe they've changed
the procedure but I had to enter a
password in order to get it to sync with
the bluetooth dongle that was connected
to the computer so that's the part that
I found challenging because this
keyboard was actually the first time I
had ever used bluetooth for anything I'm
not a phone guy and I tend to stick with
wired for all of my peripherals so
that's that's what I was using okay so
the media board Pro it's a very
comfortable keyboard actually you can
easily sit and I'm gonna get the camera
and to move for a little bit but you can
easily sit on the couch and hold it in
your lap it's very very comfortable in
this kind of a position because it's so
lightweight and so thin so you just kind
of hold it where you're sitting wherever
you happen to be sitting and then here
look here so in terms of media keys you
got a menu key back play forward and
blu-ray DVD menu these all work on PC
but I'm not sure what this one does in
that context Logitech put a very glossy
finish on this particular keyboard it
does make it a bit of a fingerprint
magnet but it's not the worst I've seen
by a longshot
keyboard is very as I said comfortable
and the layout is very very standard so
you have a full-size backspace
shift-enter and other shift they haven't
done anything particularly stupid but
one thing that you might notice is that
there's no windows key so these are
actually right and left click so you can
use you have a couple of different
options you can either use the keyboard
like this backup cameraman so with your
right finger on the touchpad and these
are your right and left click over here
or you can use it like you would use a
laptop with your left finger on the
touchpad or vice versa and you can use
the right and left click over here
power button switch rather is over here
so just slide that into the position
that you require it to be in and then on
the bottom you will find the structural
bracing and this also allows it to be a
little bit lighter because they haven't
just filled the whole thing in with
plastic and then the battery slots here
are the little adjustable feet that the
I assure you this is not the part that I
got stuck on when I was installing this
and then so the thing that is missing if
you're using this with a computer is a
bluetooth dongle because it's designed
for the PlayStation 3 which has built-in
bluetooth it does not include one so
that means that you'll need to buy them
and you can get them first cheapest like
five ten bucks
so just grab any bluetooth dongle
generic one and then you can actually
pair it to the keyboard it takes
probably about five minutes so thank you
for checking out my unboxing on the
cordless media board pro